hi everyone welcome to the seventh
episode of selling 101 in this episode
I'll be showing you how to sell a corner
scene practicing this corner scene will
help you get your corners to be perfect
in all these episodes I'll be using
Muslim fabric Muslim fabric is very
inexpensive you can find it at any
fabric store it's good to use Muslim so
you don't mess up any good fabric you
have at home if you're new to this
series make sure to check out the first
episode of slightly 101 on how to sew
straight lines it also lets you know
more about this series and what to look
forward to if you're new to sewing and
you would like to learn how to use a
sewing machine I have a video and that
too I'll link that in the description
box also with the first episode of
sewing 101 I hope you enjoy this series
and let me know what you think in the
comments if you like to see my latest
projects or just keep up with me you can
follow me on Facebook and Instagram
thank you for watching
you will need a 7x7 square and a four
and a half by four and a half square on
the seven inch square cut out a three
and a half by three and a half square
you can discard the three-and-a-half
square because we won't be needing it
use your ruler to mark a half inch seam
allowance all around the border you just
cut out draw a line at an angle to meet
both corners mark a dot an eighth of an
inch away from the corner you just
marked cut on the line and stop at the
dot that eighth of an inch is now your
seam allowance when you sew on the
corner take your four and a half inch
square and place it right sides together
and line up the half inch seam allowance
marking you drew place a pin through the
corner you mark and through the four and
a half inch square so the half-inch seam
allowances are lined up on both pieces
sew them together with the half inch
seam allowance following the line you
drew
when you get to the corner make sure the
needle goes directly into the dot you
drew you might need to lift your presser
foot a little bit just so you can get
the needle right through the dot with
the needle inside the corner move the
four and a half inch square to line up
with the side on the seven inch square
make sure the half inch seam allowance
line you drew lines up with each other
put the presser foot down and continue
sewing with the half inch seam allowance
don't forget to lock your stitches and
that's how you sew a corner seam this is
what the backside looks like if your
corner has bunches and wrinkles like
this it's probably because you didn't
line up the corner with the half an inch
seam allowance so just redo it and
practice again when it's perfected it
should look something like this thank
you so much for watching subscribe to
watch upcoming episodes and fun crafty
videos